basics proofreading part 2 (#36)
mlr-org/mlr3book: bookdown/01-mlr3-basics.Rmd

You will later learn how to enhance learners to full pipelines and tune hyperparameters, but for now we will stick to this simple workflow.

## Quick R6 Intro for Beginners

R6 is one of R's more recent dialects for object-oriented programming (OO).
It addresses shortcomings of earlier OO implementations in R, such as S3, which we used in `r mlr_pkg("mlr")`.
If you are not familiar with OO programming, it might take a bit to find your way around, but if you have done OO in another language, R6 should feel familiar.

> We focus on the parts of R6 that you need to know to use `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")` here without going into further detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We focus on the parts of R6 that you need to know in order to use `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")` without going into further detail.
```

Author: Changes makes sentence more complex for no reason.

> * Objects are created by calling the constructor of an `R6Class()` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Objects are created by calling the constructor of a `R6Class()` object.
```

Author: As Bernd said on slack, a/an depends on the phonetics, not the spelling.

  For example `foo = Foo$new(bar = 1)` creates a new object of class `Foo`, setting the `bar` argument of the constructor to `1`.

> * Classes have mutable state which is encapsulated in the member variables.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit unclear.
Also it should be plural?

Are you referring to fields which are mutable?

Author: "is" refers to "state", which is singular. And yes, fields -- happy to use that terminology.

  Continuing with the previous example, assuming that the constructor sets the public member variable `bar` to `1`, we can access its value through the dollar operator: `foo$bar` or `foo$bar = 2`.
* In addition to member variables, objects expose methods that may allow to inspect the object's state or retrieve information and perform an action that may change the internal state of the object.
  As an example, the `$train` method of a learner changes the internal state by producing and storing a trained model.
* Objects can have public and private member variables and methods.
  As a user of `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")`, you can only access the public variables and methods -- the private are only relevant if you want to change or extend `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")`.
* R6 variables are references to the actual object in the environment; they do not hold the object itself.

>   For example `foo2 = foo` does not create a copy of `foo` and store it in `foo2`, but only the reference to the actual object.

Reviewer: Mentioning cloning in the same bullet point which addresses member variables might be confusing. I would put this into a new one.

Author: Sorry, where does this mention cloning?

Reviewer: FYI: comments always refer to the last sentence.

I meant

> For example `foo2 = foo` does not create a copy of `foo` and store it in `foo2`, but only the reference to the actual object.

This introduces the whole topic of cloning/referencing in R6. 
I am not sure whether this should appear at this stage when we only talk about variables/fields. But its not a big thing.

Author: I think we'll have to assume that readers are somewhat familiar with programming concepts, otherwise we're not going to get anywhere. The example here isn't cloning but copying a reference.

Reviewer: Speaking about "foo2 = foo" is introducing cloning in general (how it works in S3) and that it behaves differently in R6.

Anyway, we shouldn't nitpick here and move on :)

  `foo` and `foo2` refer to the same object, and setting `foo$bar = 3` will also change `foo2$bar` to `3`.

> * To copy an object, use the `$clone()` method; use the `deep = TRUE` argument for nested objects, for example `foo2 = foo$clone(deep = TRUE)`.

Reviewer: This should go before the cloning examples above.

Author: The examples above are not cloning but copying of a reference.
